c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\obj\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.dll.config
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Middelware.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Testing.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Middelware.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Testing.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Http.Owin.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\obj\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\obj\Debug\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom\azeddini.BDD.MeetingRoom.Test\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
